Update iv_in_python.md (#4)
HannesDiemerling/IV-Implementation: iv_in_python.md

The implementation of this method was done in R [@kim_classifiers_2018; @braun_independent_2023; @r_development_core_team._r_2010]. R is a useful tool for statistical computing, with a wide range of statistical libraries and packages. However, R is not explicitly build for machine learning applications, and consequently this community does not use R frequently. Instead, the by far most common language for machine learning applications is Pyhthon [@kaggle-survey-2022]. To make IV commonly available for machine learning community, an implementation in Python is required. In addition, the R implementation of IV does not estimates the asymptotical accuracy in a Bayesian way, which is one of the most important advantages of IV.   

> In this article, an implementation of IV in Phython is introduced. A similar approach has been previously reported by [@diemerling2024implementing], who implemented IV for the evaluation of neural networks in Python. Building on this earlier work, the current study focuses on developing a flexible and comprehensive package designed to extend the application of IV beyond neural networks, thereby accommodating a wider range of classification tasks. It applies a Bayesian algorithm that can compute the accuracy of the classifier within each class (e.g., the specificity and sensitivity for detecting a depression), on the whole data set, and the Balanced Accuracy (BAC) for a weighted comparison of the class. For each of these accuracies, the posterior distribution can be obtained for the asymptotic accuarcy or for every training set size. A small simulation is provided to explain the usage of the package and to demonstrate the results. The article closes by a discussion of the package for the research field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, an implementation of IV in Phython is introduced. A similar approach has been previously reported by [@diemerling2024implementing], who implemented IV for the evaluation of neural networks in Python. Building on this earlier work, the current study focuses on developing a flexible and comprehensive package designed to bring IV to machine learning classification tasks, focusing on classifiers from the sklearn library. It applies a Bayesian algorithm that can compute the accuracy of the classifier within each class (e.g., the specificity and sensitivity for detecting a depression), on the whole data set, and the Balanced Accuracy (BAC) for a weighted comparison of the class. For each of these accuracies, the posterior distribution can be obtained for the asymptotic accuarcy or for every training set size. A small simulation is provided to explain the usage of the package and to demonstrate the results. The article closes by a discussion of the package for the research field. 
```
